Unicode bug fixes (#3635)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Updated the **modeling-rules init & test** commands to support RULE section fields.
* Stability improvements for **graph create** and **graph update** commands.
* Fixed the *metadata* type in the XSIAM dashboard schema to *map*, with possible values: **lazy_load** and **cache_ttl**

> * Fixed an issue where using **prepare-content**, **upload**, **zip-packs** and **download** on non-unicode content caused errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where using **prepare-content**, **upload**, **zip-packs** and **download** on machines with default encoding other than unicode caused errors.
```
